We didn't put
that.
>> What I'm about to tell you is something
that has no explanation. It's the
strangest thing that has ever happened
to me or anyone I personally know. I
work late hours at a dive bar about 30
minutes from my house. It's not really
by choice. It's just how things are when
you live out in a more rural area. There
are not a ton of jobs close to home, so
you take what you can get. The bar
itself isn't anything special, but it's
steady work, and most nights are pretty
uneventful.
The night this all happened was no
different. My shift had gone by without
much happening. And after closing
everything up, I got in my car and
started the drive home. Most of the way
back is nothing but a series of winding
back roads. Hardly any traffic, barely
any lights, barely any cars, barely any
anything. Honestly, just long stretches
of curves cutting through woods and
farmland. It's usually a pretty quiet
drive, and honestly, I've always kind of
liked it for that reason, like a
built-in detox where I have time to zone
out or think about characters I met at
the bar and interesting conversations I
may have had with them. Not long into
the drive, I remember thinking to myself
how unusually foggy it was. I've driven
those roads more times than I can count.
But that night, visibility was worse
than I'd seen in a while. I actually had
to ease off the gas and take it slower
because I could barely see more than a
few car lengths ahead. Even flipping on
my brights didn't help. It just made the
fog glow and reflect back at me, almost
like I was driving into a wall of white.
It started pissing me off because I knew
it would only add time to my trip, and I
was exhausted. I was about halfway home
when I noticed it. Through the fog,
maybe a little off to the right side of
the road, there was this faint yellow
blinking light. At first, I figured it
was just some kind of roadside marker or
maybe a reflector. But as I kept
driving, it didn't really get any closer
or farther away. It just stayed there,
blinking at a steady rhythm, like it was
moving right along with me, keeping pace
from somewhere deeper in the fog. The
whole thing felt a little off. I
couldn't tell how far away it actually
was. It was like the fog was playing
tricks on my depth perception.
After about another minute of driving
with that blinking light hovering in the
exact same place, I started getting this
weird feeling in my stomach. I couldn't
even explain it to you. Something about
it just didn't sit right with me. I
decided to slow down a bit, thinking
maybe if I let off the gas, the light
would keep going and I'd get a better
sense of what it actually was, or it
would just continue onward and disappear
entirely and I wouldn't have to deal
with it anymore. But as I eased down to
almost a crawl, the light didn't change
at all. It kept blinking at the same
steady rhythm, still holding that same
distance off to the side, like whatever
it was that somehow matched my speed
perfectly. That's when I really started
to get spooked. I finally came to a full
stop just to see if it would do the
same. And sure enough, it stayed right
there, blinking in the exact same spot
with the same rhythm. I sat there for a
second trying to figure out what the
hell I was looking at and debating
whether I should just turn around or
keep going. That's when it changed. The
blinking didn't stop, but the light
itself started getting brighter, like a
small flame catching a sudden gust of
wind and flaring up. It wasn't flashing
faster. It was burning stronger with
each pulse, like whatever it was had
suddenly gotten more active. That was
enough for me. I wasn't about to sit
there and wait for whatever that was to
get any closer or weirder. I reached
down to shift into reverse so I could
back up and turn around, but I realized
the engine wasn't running. I swear to
God, it was dead silent. I had no idea
how that was even possible. The only way
to kill the engine would have been
touching the key, but I distinctly
remember never doing that. Why the hell
would I do that? At that point, my hands
were shaking. And my hands never shake.
I pour drinks all day. My hands can't
shake.
As I was desperately trying to start the
car, I couldn't help but think that this
thing outside my car had something to do
with my engine, which of course wouldn't
start. I tried the ignition again and
again. The engine was completely dead.
Meanwhile, that blinking yellow light
kept burning brighter and brighter and
brighter, almost like it was feeding off
something. My pulse was racing at that
point. I had no idea what the hell was
going on, and there was no one around
for miles. Not knowing what else to do,
I reached for my phone, figuring maybe I
could at least get some video of it or
call for help. But as soon as I tapped
the screen, nothing happened. Completely
black. My phone had died. I knew for a
fact I still had at least 20%. I had
literally checked it back at the bar
before I closed up, but now it was as
dead as the engine. Before I could do
anything else, the light suddenly flared
to a blinding brightness like an
exploding star. I physically couldn't
keep my eyes open. That's how bright it
was. I threw my arms up in front of me
and kept my eyes shut for 10 seconds at
least, feeling the blaze of what was now
a gigantic light bulb. And then, just
like that, it was gone, like it had
never been there in the first place. The
fog was still thick, but there was
nothing out there anymore. My heart was
still pounding, but I instinctively
reached for the ignition one more time.
And this time, the engine turned over
like normal. I didn't waste another
second. I drove the rest of the way home
with my eyes glued to the road. As if
looking away for even a second would
bring that awful light back. But nothing
else happened that night. Nothing ever
happened again. Actually, I've told this
story to just about everyone I know. my
family, friends, even a couple regulars
at the bar, but no one's had an
explanation that sits right with me. And
trust me, I've heard every theory you
could think of.
[Music]
This happened a couple years back. I'm a
long haul truck driver. I've been doing
this for years now, so I've gotten
pretty used to the long stretches of
nothing. This particular night, I was on
my second to last delivery of a
cross-state loop, just trying to knock
it out so I could get home. The route
had me cutting through one of those
desert highways that barely get any
traffic at night. No towns for miles, no
gas stations, barely even any lights.
Just a two-lane road slicing through
open desert under a sky full of stars.
It's the kind of drive where you start
to feel like you're the only person left
on the planet. I was about an hour out
from my next drop off when I first
noticed it. I glanced into one of my
side mirrors and was kind of surprised
to notice a dark SUV back there trailing
me. It wasn't riding my bumper or
anything aggressive like that. It was
actually keeping a pretty wide distance,
but it was definitely following. No
matter how fast or slow I went, it
adjusted to match. For nearly 40 m, it
just hovered there in my mirrors. Always
visible, always keeping that same
strange gap. He never tried to speed up
or pass. Just sat back there like he was
waiting for something.
At first, I thought it was a driver who
was afraid to pass me. Maybe they
thought it was illegal or dangerous. But
I cast that theory aside after driving
through several passing zones. I guess
it was possible they didn't know what a
passing zone was, but I figured that was
pretty implausible. As much as I was
dying to know what was going on, I had a
job to do. I couldn't afford to devote
the whole night to figuring out what the
guy behind me's problem was. So, I tried
to ignore him. As much as I tried,
though, I couldn't help but glance at
his car every so often.
It was really starting to make me tick,
which is something I rarely ever do.
Around 2:00 a.m., I decided to pull off
at a small roadside rest area. It wasn't
a full truck stop or anything like that,
just a dirt lot with a few faded parking
spaces and a little shed with a couple
of vending machines.
There were also no external lights in
the whole lot, except for one dim bulb
flickering above the vending machines.
I figured I'd stretch my legs for a
minute, grab a soda, and more
importantly, let whoever was behind me
pass. But when I glanced back before
shutting off the engine, I saw that SUV
pull in too, parking way off in the far
corner of the lot. At that point,
whatever confusion or discomfort I was
feeling became pure rage. Whoever was
driving that SUV was about to get a
piece of my mind. I aggressively stepped
down from the cab and started making my
way over to the car, not even trying to
disguise my frustration. But as I was
stomping my way over there, whoever was
inside must have realized that I was
about to confront them. Because before I
could even get close, the SUV's engine
suddenly flared to life, and they peeled
out of the spot like they were running
from the cops, kicking up a huge cloud
of dust and gravel. As they sped past
me, I tried to catch a glimpse of the
jack off who was behind the wheel, but
the windows were tinted and I couldn't
make anything out. I watched as the car
got back on the highway, tires still
screeching. Within seconds, it was gone.
Just a flicker of red tail lights that
quickly receded into nothingness.
Part of me was relieved. I wouldn't have
to deal with that nuisance anymore, and
I could finally go about my night in
peace. But another part of me was deeply
unsettled. I had basically confirmed to
myself that whoever was driving that car
had been following me for some unknown
reason. And what's worse, they clearly
didn't want me approaching their
vehicle. So, their intentions must have
been hostile. As I was returning from
the vending machines, which
coincidentally were completely
unstocked, so that had been a huge waste
of time, I only then realized how tired
the whole encounter made me. My energy
was zapped, and the last thing I wanted
to do was get back on the road. I
figured I'd earned at least a short
break after all that. Just a quick nap,
an hour or two to recharge before
finishing the route in the morning. I
did a quick walk around the rig. I made
sure the cargo doors were still locked
and everything was secured tight, then
climbed back into the cab. I reclined my
seat, cracked the window slightly to let
some air in, and settled in for a bit of
rest. The lot was dead quiet by that
point, and for the first time all night,
I actually started to relax. My logic
was that even if that person did mean me
harm, there's no way they turn their
vehicle around just to continue
harassing me. Even if they did want to
come back, finding the lot again would
be next to impossible. They'd have to
search blindly in the middle of a pitch
black desert. The combination of my
exhaustion and newfound comfort made
falling asleep really easy. If I had to
guess, I'd say I fell asleep that night
in a matter of minutes. I should
probably mention that I'm a really light
sleeper. Like really light. You kind of
have to be to be in this line of work.
Sleeping in sketchy roadside places so
often builds a third eye, so to speak.
If someone's messing with your rig while
you're asleep, your entire livelihood
could be at risk, not to mention your
life. So, yeah, the ability to wake up
to even faint sounds could be the
difference between job and no job, life
and death. Maybe an hour after falling
asleep, you guessed it, I was woken up
by the faintest little noise. a light
crunching sound like footsteps pressing
into the loose gravel. Even though I was
still groggy, I had enough sense to keep
quiet. I cracked the corner of one of my
window blinds to take a look outside,
and sure enough, there were two figures
standing near the rear wheels of my
trailer. They were crouched down low,
inspecting the lower latch mechanisms
like they were trying to figure out how
to open them without making too much
noise. They were keeping pretty quiet,
but I noticed one of them had a small
flashlight using it to signal back and
forth to the other. I couldn't make out
any faces, but it was clear as day what
they were doing. I didn't have any
weapon on me. I usually don't, but if it
came down to it, I was fully prepared to
defend my rig and load. That's my life.
As I watched, one of the guys reached
into a small bag and pulled out what
looked like a pair of bolt cutters. That
was it. Without even thinking, I slammed
my palm down on the horn, sending the
truck's air horn blaring.
Their reaction was instant. Both men
jumped like they'd been hit with a
lightning bolt, and they scrambled back
towards the roadside brush. Not even 10
seconds later, I saw headlights appear
out of nowhere. It was that same SUV
from earlier, this time roaring back
into view with its lights still off
before whipping around and disappearing
into the night again. I never even had
time to step out of my cab before the
whole thing was over. After things
calmed down a bit, I called the police.
Honestly, I was mostly just calling to
report the incident and get it on
record, but they insisted I stay put
until a unit could get there to check
things out. It took a while, but
eventually two officers showed up and
helped me inspect the truck. Sure
enough, there were fresh pry marks along
one of the lower lock arms on the back
of my trailer, right where those guys
had been messing around. Fortunately,
they hadn't gotten it open. The officers
told me they'd seen this kind of thing
before. Cargo thieves. Apparently, it's
a lot more common along that corridor
than most people realize. They figured
the SUV had been following me for a
while, waiting for the right time to
strike. This remains the most unsettling
thing that has ever happened to me.
[Music]
There's nothing better than a night
drive, especially in the summer. Picture
this. The warm summer breeze flowing
through the open windows of a speeding
car cutting through empty stretches of
endless highway. Well, that's what it's
like around my neck of the woods.
Anyway,
there aren't a lot of cars out on the
highway at night. No cops either. So, I
essentially have free reign to drive how
I please. And trust me, I take full
advantage of that. My dad's BMW M3
definitely assists in that regard, too.
Don't get me wrong, I'm not a reckless
driver or someone who operates a car at
criminal speeds, but I do enjoy
experiencing the full capabilities of
German engineering from time to time.
This night was one of those times. I was
full-on joy riding, cruising along the
highway without a care in the world.
Stereo turned off and passenger seat
empty.
My ears were focused not on music, but
on two other things. The beautiful
sounds of my car and the whip of the air
around my face. Driving like this is one
of the only things that makes me feel
truly free. I'm not sure what came over
me, but at one point I had this
insatiable urge to pull off the highway
and cut up some back roads where I could
really appreciate the car's handling.
It's like when you get a really strong
urge to do something and you don't
really know why, but you do know that
you won't be able to sleep at night if
you don't satisfy it. That's exactly
what it was like. So, I did exactly
that. I pulled off at the next exit and
started cutting through a network of
back roads, weaving through whatever
neighborhood I had landed in. The roads
were narrow and filled with tight bends,
exactly the kind of driving I was
looking for. I let the car open up a
bit, taking the turns with just enough
speed to feel the tires grip and
release. The streets were completely
deserted. It was just me, the car, and
the road. That is until I spotted a
flicker of light in the road up ahead
and slammed on the brakes just in time
to barely avoid smashing into it. Once I
came to a stop, I finally got a clear
look at what I had almost hit. It was a
shopping cart just sitting there in the
middle of the road like someone had
wheeled it out and left it. The way my
headlights bounced off the metal bars
must have been what caught my eye and
made it look a lot more sudden and
dramatic than it really was. Still, it
completely threw me off. I mean, it's
not exactly normal to find a random
shopping cart sitting dead center in the
middle of the back road at close to
midnight. Against my better judgment, I
put the car in park, turned on my
hazards, and stepped out to take a
closer look. I probably should have just
kept driving, but my curiosity got the
better of me. The whole thing just felt
so random and out of place that I had
this weird need to make sense of it. The
night air hit me right away. warm but a
little buggy. And the only sound was my
cooling engine making the classic BMW
ticking sound. I walked up to the cart,
unsure of what I'd find inside.
Groceries, maybe? No, that was
ridiculous. I internally scolded myself
for letting such a dumb thought even
enter my brain. I peered inside the cart
and realized it was completely empty,
just an ordinary metal shopping cart
sitting in the middle of the road. I
stood there for a few seconds, but when
it became clear there was nothing
unusual about the cart itself, I turned
to head back toward my car. That's when
I saw out of the corner of my eye two
dark figures suddenly broke out from the
farmland beside the road. They were
sprinting full speed coming straight
toward me. It took my brain a second to
even process what I was seeing, but in
that moment, it was life or death. My
options were either act or die. I bolted
back to my car and basically punched the
start button. The car came to life as
those figures made it to my car window.
One of them stopped a few feet from my
car, but the other one sprinted directly
into my passenger side door, coming to a
halt with a deafening thump. He didn't
even flinch. It was as if my car were
invisible. That's how fast he had been
running. He didn't even brace himself
for the impact. The two of us locked
eyes, and all the confidence I just had
was instantly gone. I was frozen. He
stared at me with two beady, bloodshot
eyes. His clothes were torn like he'd
been running through thick brush or
barbed wire, and his hair was messy and
wet. His face was smeared with something
dark, dirt, or blood, or maybe both. He
had this unsettling, vacant expression
on his face that wasn't exactly a scowl,
but wasn't exactly a smile either. I've
never been more terrified in my entire
life. It was bad. There was blood
spurting from somewhere on his body, but
he didn't seem to care or even notice.
He must have realized I wasn't going
anywhere because he started fumbling
with the door handle trying to pry the
door open. That's what did it for me. I
snapped back to reality, maneuvered the
car around the shopping cart, and sped
out of there. I was beyond conflicted
the whole drive home. Not only was I
still shaken up and scared, but part of
me also felt like that person needed
help for his wounds and wasn't going to
get it. I debated going back to see if
he needed help, but ultimately decided
against it. Instead, I reported the
incident to the police while still
driving. And they said they'd send
someone over to the spot I described to
check it out. When I finally made it
back home, I parked in the driveway and
got out to inspect the car. I needed to
know how bad the damage was. That's when
I noticed there was blood spattered
across the entire passenger side door,
way more than I had expected. It was
streaked along the side mirror, smeared
across the handle, even dotting part of
the rear quarter panel. There was also a
slight dent near the center of the door,
just barely noticeable if you weren't
looking for it. The amount of blood,
though, that's what really got to me. It
was far more than I would have thought
from that brief impact. It was an
inhuman amount of blood. The next
morning, my dad took one look at the car
and completely lost it. He didn't even
give me a chance to explain before he
started going off, yelling about how
irresponsible I was, how I should have
never taken the car out that late, and
how much it was going to cost to fix the
paint and the dent. I kept trying to
tell him that it wasn't my fault, that
something happened out there that I
couldn't have possibly predicted, but he
wasn't having it. To him, all he saw was
his car covered in blood with a dented
door, and that was enough. I may have
hit a deer for all he cared. He
eventually did come around to what had
happened and he was actually pretty
sympathetic, but not until after I got
the car cleaned up. And let's just say
that that was one of the last times he
let me go joy riding after dark. I'm
pretty sure I can explain everything
that happened. Those people, probably
homeless, had tried to lure some
unsuspecting soul out of their car with
a shopping cart. I had been that
unsuspecting soul that night. They just
hadn't been fast or stealthy enough to
get the jump on me before I could get
out of there. I never heard back from
the police, but I wasn't really
expecting to. Part of me feels like I
shouldn't care, but I really hate
thinking an impact with my car might
have ended someone's life that night.